All right here we go let's implement this class.
So just to make sure everybody understands what we're about to implement is both the C and and the the
in the same class and that's why the name we're going to give to that class is going to be convolutional
or we're going to call it can't be for more simplicity.
All right let's build that Canvey E-Class.
Here we go back in Python.
So to create a class in Python We start with class then we give a name to that class and as we just
said we are going to call that count the 8 4 C and we see the part of our AI that will see the input
images in reality and we'll reconstruct them in a dream.
And this is exactly what we will build what we will make happen in this class.
So Canvey class and then it's going to take as input just the object varry role.
And that's because we're not inheriting from any class.
All right.
And then of course Collon And here we go for the first method which as always is the init method which
will initialize all the parameters and the variables of the future can be instances of this class.
Right.
So let's actually say that in a comment so that we can structure this code the best way and so that
you can visualize clearly what we're doing.
So let's say indeed that what we're about to do now is about initializing all the parameters and the
variables of the can be a class.
And here we go with the first method which is the in its method spelt like this as always between two
double underscores and now get ready.
This method is going to take a lot of arguments.
So let's list them one by one.
No worries they will be very simple to understand.
So the first one is as always self which will correspond to the object.
Then the second one is going to be Zed size which as you might guess is going to be the size of the
latent vector which is remember at the center of the variational our encoder which will be composed
of 1024 elements and from which the variational are encoder will reconstruct input images.
So let's go back to by then and right now in the arguments we can specify a default value but it doesn't
really matter what we input here because at some point we will input 1024 because we're implementing
the exact same architecture as in the article with the 1024 elements here.
So let's just give any default value and we're going to give 32 then the next argument is going to be
the batch size which is going to be the size of two different batches of inputs and target because of
course we're doing better learning mean that we're learning on batches and inputs and talking as opposed
to single input into it.
So again we can specify a default value here and well we can just give the default value of 1 so far.
But of course at some point we will give another value when we start badgering or you know training
on batches.
Then third argument is going to be the inevitable you know the one that is always here which is the
learning rates and same as the default value will just give or point 0 or 1.
We will give the real value of the learning rate later.
Then the next argument is going to be the case l tolerance which is a parameter we'll use to compute
the Caylus because I remind that the last will use to train the Wii will be the sum of two losses.
The first one is the classic mean square error plus and the second one is the K L us which stands for
cool back liberalists and this K L tolerance will be of course a parameter of this Caylus and as a default
value will give 0.5 then three more arguments to go the next one is is training which is the mode either
equal to false.
If we are in inference mode and true if of course we are in training mode.
And so by default we're all set to false because naturally by default we want to do inference but as
soon as we want to train we will said that of course equal to true.
Then the next argument is going to be real use and that's for divorce rules cope of tense or flow because
in a sense of flow we work with verbal scopes which is basically a container of variables and the reuse
variable here says whether or not you're going to reuse the variable scope.
And this is again a boolean equal to false or true false means of course that you're not going to reuse
the variable scope and Trumans that you're going to reuse it.
And for R V and here well by default we're just going to sell it equal to false.
Right.
And then final argument here of this in a method which is the GP you know which is again a boolean equal
to false or true false means that we're not going to use a GP for the train and Trumans that indeed
we're going to use one.
And by default we're going to set that equal as well to force our right and that's it for the arguments
of this method.
So now let's introduce an initialize as we said the parameters and variables of the economy A-Class.
And so now very simply we're going to create some object variables for each of the arguments we have
here.
Indeed these are only arguments but we want to create some object variables as well which will be exactly
the same arguments here.
And to which we're going to initialize the values given in the arguments here.
When we create the country A-Class.
So let's do this let's just take them one by one and let's add a cell first because indeed by putting
self first we specify that these variables are foibles of the objects you know specific to the object
which are the future instances become the class that will create later.
So the size of the latent vector will be equal to.
Of course the value of the argument given when we create the object.
So make sure you understand the difference here.
This is the variable of the object.
And this is the value of the argument provided here.
Then let's move on to the next one.
But size.
So we're going to do exactly the same now.
Self taught that size equals budget sized argument given here.
Then again same thing well learning rate we go that's for the third object verbal self that learning
rate equals learning rate.
The argument provided here then same of course for the K L tolerance the parameter we'll use for our
Caylus.
So here we go.
Self that K L tolerance.
The object variable which we initialized to K L tolerance.
The argument here and then same is training.
The training mode whether we are in training mode or inference mode.
So here we go again self that is training the visual object which will be initialized to training.
The argument here.
And then lastly because we actually won't need a variable object for this one but we do need a variable
object for the reuse variable.
So here we go again.
Self does reuse the variable object will be initialized to reuse the argument.
And now that's where we can create the tense of two variables COBE and to create one.
We need to start with with then since this is an event structure by tend to flow.
Well we need to call tensor flow which has the shock at T.F. and then from tensor of flow we're going
to get the variable scope function which will exactly create the variable scope.
And now in some parenthesis we need to as you can see specify the name of that scope and it has to be
entered in quotes and the name we're going to give to that variable scope is going to be.
Well you know the scope of all the variables attached to the convolutional the immoral.
So we're just going to call this you know can the A B.
And then that's where the reuse argument and also object variable will come into play.
Because as you can see reuse is actually an argument of the tense of the variable scope.
And so now be careful there will be three things to distinguish the reuse argument here which is the
argument of the sense of variable scope function which we will initialize to the re-use variable of
the object.
So I'm going to say here self that reuse which I'm going to copy and paste here and the self-direct
reuse is equal to the reuse argument provided here.
When we create the object.
Right.
So I hope I said enough for you to not get lost in all this but here we go.
The variables go is ready so we don't forget to add the cone here.
As I just did and then now inside the tense of a variable scope this is when our last argument will
come into play.
The GP mode because in the whether you have or not a GP you you will have the option to use it.
So let's offer that option right away.
The way we're going to do this is with an if if not GP you mode meaning if JBU mode is not equal to
true meaning basically we're going to use our Sibiu if not JBU mode.
Then what are we going to do now.
Well if we're going to use our Sibiu we're going to specify this but we need to tell that to tens of
flow when it is specified intensively that indeed we're going to use our Sibiu.
And the way you can do that with tens of flow is with with again and then T F You know I'm calling the
intensive the library again from which I'm going to get this time.
The device function inside which I'm going to enter in quotes slash CPQ you zero.
Right.
This is a code to specify that we're going to use our Sibiu if we don't have a GP you like kuda for
the training or even the inference except that for the inference you definitely don't need a GP.
All right then let's not forget the Cullen and inside we can provide some luggin info just to give some
extra information saying that indeed our model is using the CPE.
These are just some extra useful information but not compulsory of course.
And then now however the thing that we have to do is to initiate the building of the graph which we
do by calling the build graph method which is exactly going to be the next method we will build to build
the whole architecture of the convolutional the model and also the training operations.
All right perfect.
Then we're going to get in the other condition whether we are in GP mode.
That is when you are equal to true and which we can get with a simple else because this is the complementary
condition.
So else here and inside.
Well in that condition we'll have directly the GP you Tenterfield device so we don't have to do another
with the device.
GP you but instead we're just going to get the new luggin info which will be this time exactly the same
but replacing CPQ by GP you and then again we will initiate the building of the graph by calling our
build graph method which will build in the next tutorial or you know in the next couple of tutorials
because this is going to be a big method.
And so that's done for this complimentary condition where we are in GP mode.
Now the last thing we need to do to finish is to introduce a last object foible of our economy class
which is self that it session with some parenthesis and which will be used to initialize the future
tense of session that will run for either the inference or the training of our model.
That's the way we do things with tons of low intensity sessions.
You will see that later on in the code.
So that's it for this first method.
And now get ready for the next one because this will be the big method inside which will build the whole
architecture of the convolutional variational are anchored to model.
So get some good energy from this because we have a lot to do.
So I'll see you after a little break.
And until then enjoy artificial intelligence.